1.  list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind:
 How diverse was the demographic that was surveyed? 
Are these results specific to one age group or was there a range in ages? 

2.https://trends.google.com/explore?q=milkshake&date=2024-02-01%202025-02-28&geo=US

3. a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”? 
The highest peak recorded was 100 July 2024
b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
The lowest dip recorded was 69.

4. a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the
lowest dip? The highest peak was 100. 
b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now
The line for milkshake dropped to 31 and the average for hamburger shows 84. 

5. The line for milkshake changed because Google Trends data is relative to the terms being compared. When Hamburger was added it had higher values so Milkshake's values appeared lower. 

6. a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup 
and Hamburger? I don't see any pattern that directly correlates to the relationship between milkshake and hamburger.
b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake
I do not see a direct relationship between breakup and milkshake. 

7. This suggests that context in data matters when analyzing two unrelated subjects. Google trends would not be a reliable source of data to reach a concrete conclusion.

8.a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake? North Carolina was the top state. 
b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger? South Dakota was the top state for hamburger. 

10. a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a
term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this
raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”,
then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
I came to the conclusion that using "terms" produces more accurate and specific results. Topic is a good option when used in a general vague situation . This could be beneficial for marketing, researchers and content creators looking to optimzie their strategies. 
a) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop
culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or
“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search
behavior might represent? I didn't notice a direct correlation between Hamburger and football. 